Add screenshots to English documentation (#120)
wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin: meta/documents/user_guide/en/initial_setup.md

* Copying a Plugin Set will copy the authorization information to the new plugin set.

* An exported or imported Plugin Set may include the authorization information.

The authorization steps are as follows:
1. From the main Plentymarkets page, go to `Plugins` >> `Plugin set overview`:

    ![plugins_menu_plugin_set_overview](../../../images/en/plugins_menu_plugin_set_overview.png)

2. Locate the Plugin Set that is linked to the client with which Wayfair will be used:

    ![linked clients](../../../images/en/plugin_sets_linked_clients.png)

3. Click on the `Edit` button ![pencil button](../../../images/common/button_pencil.png) for the desired Plugin set.

4. In the Wayfair row of the Plugin set, click on the `Settings` button ![gear button](../../../images/common/button_gear.png).

4. In the left-side menu, go to `Configuration` >> `Global Settings`:

    ![global settings in menu](../../../images/en/menu_global_settings.png)

5. In the `Supplier Settings` area, enter the `Client ID` and `Client Secret` values that correspond with your Wayfair API credentials.

6. Change the `Mode` setting to `Live` - see [information on `Test` mode](test_mode.md):

>     ![global settings live](../../../images/en/global_settings_live.png)

Reviewer: Highlight the the "Mode *" dropdown so it is 100% clear where they have to change the Mode to `Live`

7. Click the `Save` button ![save button](../../../images/common/button_save.png) in the toolbar above the settings

## 2. Activating the order referrer
An order referrer in Plentymarkets identifies the sales channel on which an order was generated. To get the Plentymarkets system to properly import orders from the Wayfair API, the Wayfair order referrer must be activated:

1. From the main Plentymarkets page, go to `Setup` >> `Orders` >> `Order referrer`:

>     ![order referrer menu](../../../images/en/menu_order_referrer.png)

Reviewer: In the screenshot, maybe highlight the `Setup` tab, the `Orders` left side menu, and the `Order referrer` sub-menu? Or maybe add numbering to them?

Author: When you use the Plentymarkets UI, there's progressive disclosure in place, so each option is only visible after choosing the one before it. I think numbering could be overkill, but I'll see if there are ways to highlight where to click.

Author: Discussed this via slack, closing.

4. **For each Variation**:

    1. On the `Settings` tab, make sure that the `Active` checkbox in the `Availability` Section is checked:

        ![variation active](../../../images/en/variation_active_field.png)

    2. If [the `Send all inventory items to Wayfair?` setting](settings_guide.md#send-all-inventory-items-to-wayfair) is **disabled**, go to the `Availability` tab of the Variation and add "Wayfair" to the list in the `Markets` area:

        ![adding wayfair market to variation](../../../images/en/variation_wayfair_market.png)

>     3. Click the `Save` next to the Variation `ID` (not the higher-up button for the Item):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Click the `Save` to the left of the Variations `ID`, below `Global` (not the higher-up button for the Item):
```

>     3. Click the `Save` next to the Variation `ID` (not the higher-up button for the Item):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Click the `Save` left of the Variation `ID`, below the `Global` tab (not the higher-up button for the Item):

```

### 7.2 Creating an Event for Plentymarkets Orders that sends shipment information to Wayfair

1. From the main Plentymarkets page, go to `Setup` >> `Orders` >> `Events`:

    ![order events](../../../images/en/menu_order_events.png)

2.	Click on `Add event procedure` (the `+` button on the bottom left-hand side of the page):

    ![add order event](../../../images/en/add_order_event.png)

3.	Enter any `Name` in the appropriate field.

> 4.	Select `Status change` (in the category `Order Change`) in the `Event` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.	In the `Event`  drop down, select `Status change` (below the category `Order Change`):
```

    ![choose event](../../../images/en/shipping/choose_event.png)

5.	In the field below `Event` select the status change that should initiate the sending of an ASN to Wayfair, such as `In preparation for shipping`:

    ![choose status](../../../images/en/shipping/choose_status.png)

6.	Click the `Save` button ![save button](../../../images/common/button_save.png).

> 7.	You should automatically be redirected to the newly created event procedure. In the `settings` section of the event procedure, place a checkmark next to `Active`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.	You should automatically be redirected to the newly created event procedure. In the `Settings` section of the event procedure, place a checkmark next to `Active`:

```

    ![event active](../../../images/en/shipping/event_active.png)

> 8. Click on `Add Filter`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Click on the `+` symbol next to `Filter`:

```

    ![add filter](../../../images/en/shipping/add_filter.png)

9.  Choose `Referrer` in the `Order` category:

    ![choose filter](../../../images/en/shipping/choose_filter.png)

10. Click the `Add` button ![plus add button](../../../images/en/button_plus_add.png).

11.	In the `Filter` section, a box should appear with a list of all available Order referrers. Place a checkmark next to all "Wayfair" order referrers:

    ![wayfair selected](../../../images/en/shipping/filter_wayfair_selected.png)

> 12. Click on `Add procedure`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Click on the `+` next to `Procedures`:

```
